Tripti Sharma
+91 7619 021 664 | sharmatripti526@gmail.com | Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
I'm a Full Stack Developer with two years plus of professional experience at Triveni Global Software
Services,ILEM Japan, Magdical Techdom, and Carikture. proficient in React.js, Node.js, and
MongoDB. Led the development of 3 large-scale apps, enhancing functionality and user experience.
seeking new challenges and opportunities for growth.
Personal Information
● Location: Allahabad, UP , India
● DateofBirth: 10/06/2002
● Nationality: Indian
● Hobbies: Listening to songs, Playing Football (National Player)
● Languages: Fluent in English, Hindi (Native)
● Interests: Technology, Sports and Traveling
Skills and Tools
● Programming languages:- JavaScript, Java, and C Programming.
● Frontend:- ReactJS, RemixJS, NextJS, AngularJS, SCSS, Tailwind and Bootstrap.
● Backend:- NodeJS .Net C# and PHP .
● Database:- MySQL, DynamoDB, and MongoDB.
● DevOps:- Terraform, AWS, Docker, and GitHub actions.
● Testing:- Chai and Mocha.
● Other Skills:- Figma, Digital Marketing, Video Editing.
Professional Experience
Triveni Global Software Services — MERN Stack Feb 2024 - Present
●
●
●
●
●
Developed and maintained various frontend components including an image editor, DHTMLX
Sheet Reports, PDF viewer using React Viewer, and real-time features using Socket.IO.
Contributed to the restructuring of our website by adopting a Headless architecture and
integrating RemixJS, resulting in improved performance, user experience, and streamlined
development workflows.
Built custom Shopify apps for managing lab-related features and pages using RemixJS,
enabling dynamic and flexible storefront solutions.
Created an AI-powered project using Apache NiFi, RAG (Retrieval-Augmented
Generation), ChatGPT models, and LLMs. The system processes data inputs via PDFs,
CSVs, and databases to provide contextual responses with source references.
Currently working on EMS insights focused on Purchase Order (PO) models, enhancing
visibility and intelligence around procurement workflows.
Magdical Techdom — Software Engineer ●
●
Oct 2022 - Nov 2023
Worked on a project with a team of three and with 100+ enterprise customers to develop a
news platform to deliver the latest news about kids using cutting-edge technologies.
In the news platform, I was responsible for building search engines, and authorizations and
creating a bot to scrape different websites to extract the news about kids.
●
Later, I transitioned to the DevOps team to automate the streamlined deployment of projects
on cloud infrastructure in the most efficient way using GitHub actions, Terraform, and AWS.
Projects
Nidu — A marketplace for finding blue-collar workers.
●
Led a four-member team to build an innovative marketplace facilitating seamless connections
between homeowners and local blue-collar professionals, leveraging modern technology to
streamline the traditional search process.
●
Developed a sophisticated web application encompassing job posting capabilities, an expert
and local job search engine, an intuitive admin portal, and a comprehensive job management
system.
●
It utilizes HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP , JQuery, Figma, and MySQL.
Dome — A social media platform
●
Crafted a vibrant platform enabling students to connect, collaborate, and share ideas
seamlessly. Encompassing discovery, image sharing, engagement, and interactive
●
commenting features.
It is built by harnessing the power of HTML, CSS, ReactJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, and
●
MongoDB to craft a seamless user experience.
Education
B.Tech in Computer Science United College of Engineering & Research at Prayag Raj, Uttar Pradesh, India
Aug 2018 - July 2022
Intermediate (Science Stream) Crosthwaite Girls' College, Prayagraj, Uttar Pradesh, India
2016 – 2018
High School (10th Grade) Crosthwaite Girls' College, Prayagraj, Uttar Pradesh, India
Completed in 2016
Achievements
● Earned a Gold Medal in the National Football Championship organized by the All India
National Football Association (December 2016).
● Earned a Gold Medal in the National Science Championship organized by the All India
National Football Association (November 2017).
Volunteering
Kalam Foundation (June - Sept 2020):- Executed a social media fundraising campaign to
provide food assistance to the impoverished during lockdown.
Hamari Pahchan (NGO) (May - June 2020):- Conducted a social media campaign to promote
Sanitary Pads and healthy lifestyles to women.